Built-in monitor field warning note (#1286)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/alerts/alert-variables.md

Variables are used as parameters that allow you to customize the JSON payload object of your alert notifications. These variables are used to dynamically populate specific values from the alert configuration in the notification payload. It includes things like the TriggerType that gives the current monitor status in the notification. When a notification is sent, variables are replaced with values from the alert. For example, if you specified `{{Name}}` in your JSON payload, it would be replaced with the actual name of the alert in the delivered payload.

> ## Available Template Variables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Available template variables
```

| `{{TriggerTimeEnd}}` | The end time of the time range that triggered the monitor in Unix format. For example, `1626190592042`. | &#9989;| &#9989;|
| `{{SourceURL}}` | The URL to the configuration or status page of the monitor in Sumo Logic. | &#9989;| &#10060; |
| `{{AlertResponseUrl}}` | When your Monitor is triggered it will generate a URL and provide it as the value of this variable where you can use it to open Alert Response. | &#9989;| &#10060; |
| `{{AlertName}}` | Name of the Alert that will be displayed on the Alert page. | &#9989;| &#9989;|
| `{{Playbook}}` | Allows you to access the [playbook content](/docs/alerts/monitors#metrics-trigger-types) that was configured as part of the initial monitor setup. | &#9989;| &#9989;|

:::caution

> When writing queries, do not define fields with built-in field names; their values will be overridden.

Reviewer 2: It would be nice if we add a link to the list of build in fields so users can quickly refer to.

Author: Those fields are listed above this note

Reviewer 3: The fields we are worried about the using are listed here https://help.sumologic.com/docs/search/get-started-with-search/search-basics/built-in-metadata/ . A further complication is these fields have a short hand name. In this example "_sourceName" can also be refered to with "Name". We probably need to improve the documentation on the built-in-metadata page to include these shorthand names as well

Author: @dstephens5 , thank you for the tip! Where can I find the rest of the shorthand names for that built-in metadata table? I put in some placeholders for now... https://github.com/SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation/pull/1286/files

> When writing queries, do not define fields with built-in field names; their values will be overridden.

Author: ```suggestion
When writing queries, do not define fields with [built-in metadata values](/docs/search/get-started-with-search/search-basics/built-in-metadata), as these will be overridden.
```
